Intro - Good Afternoon !  my name is Shriraj Krishnat Thorat and i am from Ratnagiri , Maharastra. Which is situated at estern side of India. I am post graduate diploma holder in Advanced computing . So about my professional journey . In my past organisation i was working as a Backend developer. I worked on many spring boot projects with tech tack java 8 , Since i was working on data processing & intensive project i got exposure to Many service of AWS like S3,EC2,Lambda,ECS,ECR,Elastic search & kibana (ELK stack)  , Secreate manager , Snowflake . Apart from that i am also aware about  JS ,TS , Angular , Scala althouh i have not get chance to work on them.

Project details - My client name was amobee , which is an mediator between TV channels and advertisers. So i worked in media domain under the integration team .And the work of integration team is to simply integrate the data . So let me explain my project at very high level . I worked on  application which was performing ETL operations.ETL means Extract transformed and load.So earlier we were having only one application which was doing this ETL work. Under one application we were having seprate workflow for each TV provider .So i was involved in the process to make this app moved from monolithic to microservice based.So we spilt or services like one service was performing Extract & transformed task and other was performing Loading task which we make genric like workflow was same for all providers. Apart from that i also integrated some of famous channels like disney , fox into our application.So this was related to linear tv data i also worked on one application to process digital data.Apart form that  i also worked on one order sync application to sync the advertiser order with Tv channels campaign for the avilable advertising slots.


Challenge -  I actually worked on one scenario where application used to run on ec2 only once in a month,but it was data intensive operation thats why initially seprate ec2 instace allocated to it.But from cost point of view that ec2 was up for a whole month to run the application only once in a month that was not great so request came to make this app event driven by lamdba . We applied s3 file trigger to lambda but runtime provided by lambda is only 15 mins since application was taking much time to process data we launch spring boot application on lambda trigger and from spring boot app we write code to programmatically launch the ecs farget task.So that ECS farget task can run inside ECS cluster that we created over AWS.So basicaly thr coding we pass all the required arguments , properties in order to launch container and we pass ECR repo path of our image.So we make the automation from manually driven architechure. 

Project 2 (Blackswan BST) -
So Blackswan is a product based company and they were having their own product called Element. The product was usefull to do KYC and finding out risk score about organisations or Person.So I worked theire in two modules one was orchestration in which I used Activiti v 6.0 to create a BPMN workflows and integrated them with various services under our application.I also got chance to work on Entity module where I worked on implementing new feature.So we were having multiple microservices segregated as per the business functionality. So i worked on service named EhubRest which was responsible for handling all the calls from FE and then as per the functionality we were routing that call to particular service.So we use to do KYC and alert generation through some public apis like world check and private data apis like toronto.


Thank you so much for extending your offer to me.However i would like to discuss proposed offer with you.I have upskilled myself in my current position and have delivered everything on time and as per the plan and I am sure that I will be able to deliver similar result for Michelin. Given my experience and expertise i am expecting an annual fixed salary range between 16.5 to 17. However I am open to discuss the overall package with you.

I would like to know how much best you can offer me.
One more way we can asked to revised the offer letter after some time and get that in writting.
Sign on bonus
Relocation assistance.

I am about to get competiting offer that will pay me x but I really think this job would be better suits for me. Can you please help me get closer to that number

Insurance